{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 THIS SERVICE AGREEMENT (the \ldblquote Agreement\rdblquote ), is made and entered into by and between Star drone LLC  (\ldblquote Star drone LLC\rdblquote ), a Texas corporation, and You, as defined in Your executed Star drone LLC Penetration Testing Service Agreement, Your executed Star drone LLC Penetration Testing Services Order Form and Purchase Agreement (\ldblquote Order Form\rdblquote ) with Star drone LLC, Your executed Network Administrative/Management Service Agreement or any agreement encompassing a Network Administrative/Management Service Agreement (the appropriate agreement of the aforementioned agreements herein known as \ldblquote Your Defining Reference Agreement\rdblquote ), or as addressed in any invoice delivered to You by Star drone LLC pertaining to the services and/or software described herein. By using and/or accessing the services and/or software described herein, or upon Your payment of any invoice pertaining to the services and/or software described herein, You hereby agree to all terms and conditions contained herein. If You are entering this agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, You represent that You have authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case You shall refer to such entity.\par
\par
1. Penetration Testing Service\par
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Star drone LLC, shall provide You with a partially automated test that will attempt to remotely identify security vulnerabilities and/or software configuration errors on one or more computer systems and/or internet perimeter devices (\ldblquote Target Systems\rdblquote ) owned and/or operated by You (the \ldblquote Penetration Testing Service\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Service\rdblquote ) during the term of this Agreement. Star drone LLC reserves the right to provide You a report regarding the Service performed and Star drone LLC\rquote s opinion of the findings as a result of the Service (\ldblquote Service Reports\rdblquote ).\par
\par
2. Fees, Billing, and Payment\par
2.1 General\par
You will pay monthly fees and other fees for the Service (the \ldblquote Fees\rdblquote ) to Star drone LLC or to Star drone LLC\rquote s authorized reseller in the amount and in the manner set forth in Your Defining Reference Agreement or as specified in any invoice delivered to You by Star drone LLC pertaining to the Service, or as otherwise arranged between You and Star drone LLC.\par
\par
2.2 Payments\par
All payments to Star drone LLC must be made in U.S. dollars by credit card, check, eCheck  or by wire transfer. The Fees exclude all applicable sales, use, withholding and other taxes, and You will be responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes based on Star drone LLC\rquote s income), fees, duties and charges, and any related penalties and interest, arising from the payment of the Fees. You will make all payments of the Fees to Star drone LLC free and clear of, and without reduction for, any taxes, fees or duties; any such taxes imposed on payments of the Fees to Star drone LLC will be Your sole responsibility, and You will provide Star drone LLC with official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or such other evidence as Star drone LLC may reasonably request, to establish that such taxes have been paid. You will indemnify and hold Star drone LLC harmless from any such taxes or claims relating to the payment, non-payment or underpayment of such taxes. \par
2.3 Refunds\par
All payments and payments owed are final and there are no refunds.\par
\par
3. Star drone LLC Responsibilities\par
3.1 Data Security\par
Star drone LLC will provide the Service to You on a \ldblquote commercially reasonable efforts\rdblquote  basis. Star drone LLC will implement reasonable security and environmental precautions to ensure a high level of system availability and data protection and recovery.\par
\par
3.2 Data Privacy and Confidentiality\par
Star drone LLC agrees to hold confidential all Your data in its possession exercising the same degree of care that a reasonable and careful company would exercise with similar data of its own. Star drone LLC will limit access to Your data only to employees, contract labor, and subcontractors of Star drone LLC, or to any affiliate or successor to the business or assets of Star drone LLC; provided that in the event that Star drone LLC is made aware of a potential violation of the terms of any law, any regulation, or this or any end user Agreement, Star drone LLC may take, but is under no obligation to take, such investigative and remedial measures as each deems in its sole discretion to be appropriate, including copying and sharing data with appropriate legal authorities, providing access to data and activity information with legal authorities, removal of violating data without notice, denial or suspension of access and services, or any such other remedies or actions as may be otherwise requested by legal authorities or allegedly aggrieved parties, even in the absence of subpoena or compulsion by government authority.\par
\par
3.3 Support\par
If You purchased support with the Service, then Star drone LLC will provide support to you during normal business hours, which are defined as 8:00 a.m. \f1\endash  5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, United States central time, excluding federal holidays in the United States and observed Star drone LLC holidays. \par
You acknowledge that in the event You experience trouble with the Service, You are responsible for on-site cooperative testing with Star drone LLC\rquote s authorized support agent(s) to assist in the diagnosis of the trouble. Star drone LLC is not responsible for end-user support of issues not directly related to the Service. This includes (but is not limited to) Your operating systems, Your equipment, or Your application support. Star drone LLC reserves the right to bill You at current \f0\lang1033 per diem\f1\lang9  rates for configuration requests that are not required to provide the Service outlined herein. Additionally, Star drone LLC is not liable for any data errors, and is not liable for any disruption of the Service no matter what the root cause.\par
\par
4. Your Responsibilities\par
4.1 Requirements\par
You warrant that You have legal right to subject Target Systems to the Service and that if You are not the owner of the Target Systems that You have obtained such right from the legal owner of the Target Systems.\par
\par
You warrant that You have sole responsibility for all adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with or having any connection to the Target Systems (the \ldblquote Affected Systems\rdblquote ) and that You have protected and backed up all Affected Systems. You warrant that You will not make any claim against Star drone LLC for lost data, re-run time, inaccurate output, work delays or lost profits resulting from the Service.\par
\par
You warrant that while the results of the Service will provide a reasonably accurate view of the current security level of Target Systems, You acknowledge that Star drone LLC cannot be held responsible and You will not hold Star drone LLC responsible if the Service fails to discover certain security or configuration issues on the Target Systems.\par
\par
In order not to distort the results of the Service, You will respond in a normal fashion if or when You detect traces of activity from the Service in any logs of the Target Systems or any alert systems monitoring the Target Systems, etc. as would occur in the event of a real security penetration. Additionally, You agree not to notify legal or public authorities of such activity created by the Service.\par
\par
Provision of the Service requires that You maintain compatible devices, Internet access, and compatible software; may require periodic updates; and may be affected by the performance of these factors. High-speed Internet access is strongly recommended for use. You will arrange for and maintain Internet communication services for the use of the Service. You are responsible for any communication costs associated with Your Internet connection You agree that meeting these requirements, which may change from time to time, is Your responsibility.\par
\par
As part of the Service, You may from time to time receive updates or notifications from Star drone LLC which may be automatically or manually delivered to You, Your devices or computers or servers. These updates may include Service Reports, additional reports, bug fixes, feature enhancements or improvements, or entirely new approaches of the Service. You agree that Star drone LLC may deliver such updates or notifications to You as part of the Service and You shall receive and install them as required.\par
\par
4.2 Restrictions\par
You agree that You shall not place any data on the Target Systems or Affected Systems that the failure to use or access such data: (a) infringes on the intellectual property rights of any third party or any rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violates any law, statue, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing export control, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (c) becomes defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (d) becomes obscene, child pornographic or indecent; (e) creates or causes any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (f) creates or causes situations or environments where any failure or time delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in, the content, data or information on the Target Systems or Affected Systems or any systems of any third party could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage; (g) creates or causes any damages, corruption, loss, interferences, security intrusions or any failure of any systems in Your control, possession, or business operations, or any systems of any third-party.\par
\par
You shall defend, indemnify and hold Star drone LLC harmless against any third party claim, action, suit or proceeding alleging any breach of the covenants contained herein.\par
\par
You acknowledge that Star drone LLC is not responsible or liable in any way for any data provided by You and has no duty to pre-screen such data. However, Star drone LLC reserves the right at all times to determine whether data is appropriate and in compliance with this Agreement, and may pre-screen, move, refuse, modify and/or remove data at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, if such data is found to be in violation of this Agreement or any known laws, or is otherwise objectionable.\par
\par
5. Security and Data Encryption\par
In the event the Service includes Service Reports or data delivered to you, the delivery may involve encrypted technologies and/or a username and password for access of such Service Reports or data. Star drone LLC is under no obligation to maintain records of Your password(s) giving access to the Service and/or Your encryption key(s), and it is Your sole responsibility to choose Your encryption methods and to maintain records of Your password(s) and encryption key(s). Star drone LLC will not be responsible and will not incur any liability arising from the loss of Your passwords(s) and/or encryption key(s). Star drone LLC will not be responsible to You for unauthorized access to Your data or the unauthorized use of the Services unless the unauthorized access or use results from Star drone LLC\rquote s failure to meet its security obligations stated in the Agreement. You are responsible for the use of the Services by any employee of Yours, any person to whom You have given access to the Services, and any person who gains access to Your data or the Services as a result of Your failure to use reasonable security precautions, even if such use was not authorized by You.\par
\par
6. Data Deletion Requests\par
You may request that Service Reports be deleted from the Service. You must provide authorization from an authorized representative as designated in Your Defining Reference Agreement, and once such Service Reports are deleted, a confirmation that such deletion has taken place will be delivered to the representative.\par
\par
7. Term and Termination\par
7.1 Term\par
This Agreement shall have the initial term as set forth in Your Defining Reference Agreement unless otherwise specified herein. In the event You have previously used or paid Fees for, or are currently using or paying Fees for, the Service, and it has also been determined that Your initial term has not been defined herein, in Your Defining Reference Agreement, or in any other arrangement or agreement between You and Star drone LLC, Your initial term will be defined as one (1) year following the date of either Your most recent payment of the Fees or Your most recent access or use of the Service or any associated Service Reports, whichever is later. The term shall automatically renew on a yearly basis at the end of the initial term and thereafter, unless You notify Star drone LLC, in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current term of Your intention to not to renew this Agreement. Star drone LLC or any Star drone LLC certified reseller reserve the right to modify the price schedule for the Service at any time. Pricing for any renewal term shall be at the price as set forth on the most current price schedule in effect upon the renewal date.\par
\par
7.2 Termination\par
A party may terminate this Agreement if the other party breaches any material provision of this Agreement and does not cure the breach within ninety (90) days after receiving written notice thereof. Star drone LLC may also terminate this Agreement, effective immediately upon written notice to You, if: (a) You breach any provision in Section 9.2; or (b) You fail to pay any portion of the Fees when due within ten (10) days after receiving written notice from Star drone LLC that payment is past due. You may also terminate this Agreement at any time during the term by providing ninety (90) days advance notice to Star drone LLC, in writing, of Your intention to terminate this Agreement, and by immediately paying all amounts due under this Agreement for the remainder of the term.\par
\par
7.3 Effects of Termination\par
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, any amounts owed to Star drone LLC under this Agreement before such termination or expiration will be immediately due and payable, all licensed rights granted in this Agreement will immediately cease to exist, and You must promptly discontinue all use of the Service, erase all copies of any Service Reports from Your systems and certify in writing to Star drone LLC that You have fully complied with these requirements. Additionally, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all Your data and Service Reports may be permanently deleted from Star drone LLC\rquote s systems, without any obligatory notice by Star drone LLC to You.\par
\par
7.4 Disposition upon Termination\par
You acknowledge that upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, any attempt to access the servers of the Service in connection with any of Your data or Service Reports for whom You have not paid all fees, or for whom the Agreement has expired or terminated, is prohibited and unauthorized.\par
\par
7.5. Failure to Comply & Unauthorized Activity\par
Star drone LLC may pursue criminal investigation and/or legal action, including the pursuit of punitive damages, against You if it is determined that, but not limited to: (a) prohibited or unauthorized activity is attempted by You as described herein; (b) unlicensed use or access of the Service or Service Reports is attempted by You as described herein; (c) restricted use is violated by You as described in Section 9.2; or (d) You fail to comply with Your written notification obligations in Section 7.3 immediately, as determined by Star drone LLC.\par
\par
7.6 Survival\par
Sections 7.3 (\ldblquote Effects of Termination\rdblquote ), 7.4 (\ldblquote Disposition upon Termination\rdblquote ), 7.5 (\ldblquote Failure to Comply & Unauthorized Activity\rdblquote ), 7.6 (\ldblquote Survival\rdblquote ), 8 (\ldblquote Warranty and Disclaimer\rdblquote ), 9.2 (\ldblquote Use Restrictions\rdblquote ), 10 (\ldblquote Liability Limitation\rdblquote ), and 11 (\ldblquote General\rdblquote ) will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason.\par
\par
8. Warranty and Disclaimer\par
8.1 Services Warranty\par
Star drone LLC\rquote s sole and exclusive warranty is that the Service provided under this Agreement shall be performed in conformity with the standard practices in the industry. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the security mechanisms implemented by Star drone LLC have inherent limitations and You are solely responsible for determining that this mechanism sufficiently meets Your security and operational needs. TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Star drone LLC DOES NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT ANY CONTENT OR TARGET SYSTEMS OR ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AFFECTED BY THE SERVICE WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO INADVERTENT DAMAGE, CORRUPTION, LOSS, OR REMOVAL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND Star drone LLC SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE SHOULD SUCH DAMAGE, CORRUPTION, LOSS, OR REMOVAL OCCUR. It is Your responsibility to maintain appropriate alternate backup of Your content, information, data, business operations, and Target Systems, as well as protect any associated systems that may be affected by the Service.\par
\par
8.2 Disclaimer\par
THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 8 ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE RELIED ON NO WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 8.\par
\par
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, AS SUCH, TO THE EXTENT SUCH EXCLUSIONS ARE SPECIFICALLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SOME OF THE EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH BELOW MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
Star drone LLC SHALL USE REASONABLE SKILL AND DUE CARE IN PROVIDING THE SERVICE. THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS ARE SUBJECT TO THIS EXPRESS WARRANTY.\par
\par
Star drone LLC DOES NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND YOU AGREE THAT FROM TIME TO TIME Star drone LLC MAY REMOVE THE SERVICE FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS OF TIME, OR CANCEL THE SERVICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote  AND \ldblquote AS AVAILABLE\rdblquote  BASIS. Star drone LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, Star drone LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (II) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (III) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND (IV) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS THAT MAY OCCUR AS A RESULT OF THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.\par
\par
Star drone LLC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE FREE FROM LOSS, CORRUPTION, ATTACK, VIRUSES, INTERFERENCE, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION, AND Star drone LLC DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY RELATING THERETO.\par
\par
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR SERVICE REPORTS IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICES AND/OR COMPUTER SYSTEMS OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE FAILURE OR TIME DELAYS OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN, THE CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE.\par
\par
9. Software and Data Reports\par
9.1 License\par
As part of the provision of the Service, certain software such as a web browser and PDF reader or other office applications may need to be installed on Your system, and you may be required to have a username and password to a website to access Service Reports. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Star drone LLC grants to You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license under Star drone LLC\rquote s copyrights to use the Service Reports delivery system as specifically allowed by Star drone LLC solely in connections with Star drone LLC\rquote s provision of the Service. All rights not specifically granted to You herein are expressly reserved by Star drone LLC.\par
\par
9.2 Use Restrictions\par
You agree not to: (a) modify, adapt, alter, translate, or create derivative works from the Service, the Service Reports, or the Service Reports delivery system; (b) merge the Service Reports with other information; (c) sublicense, lease, rent, loan, or otherwise transfer the Service or Service Reports to any third party; (d) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive or copy or share the source code or copyrighted information contained in the Service Reports; (e) use the Service or Service Reports to process data or provide any service bureau activity for any third party; or (f) otherwise use the Service, or use or copy the Service Reports, except as expressly allowed under Section 9.\par
\par
10. Liability Limitation\par
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY BY SERVICE PROVIDERS. TO THE EXTENT SUCH EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS ARE SPECIFICALLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SOME OF THE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS SET FORTH BELOW MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL Star drone LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF Star drone LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (II) ANY CHANGES MADE TO THE SERVICE OR ANY TEMPORARY OR PERMANENT CESSATION OF THE SERVICE OR ANY PART THEREOF; (III) THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE AND/OR SEND OR RECEIVE YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE; (V) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; AND (VI) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE, SERVICE REPORTS, OR THIS AGREEMENT. Star drone LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS ALSO SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY PROGRAMS OR DATA USED WITH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR DATA OF ANY KIND OR THE COSTS OF RECOVERING SUCH DATA. Star drone LLC\rquote S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SERVICE AND SERVICE REPORTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED ONE (1) DOLLAR. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE FEES REFLECT THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT Star drone LLC WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY.\par
\par
11. General\par
11.1 Proprietary Rights\par
The Service and Service Reports and all worldwide Intellectual Property Rights therein, are the exclusive property of Star drone LLC. All rights in and to the Service and Servcie Reports not expressly granted to You in this Agreement are reserved by Star drone LLC. You will not remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright notices) of Star drone LLC on any Service Reports or on any aspect of the Service.\par
\par
11.2 Assignment\par
You may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, any of Your rights under this Agreement (including Your licenses with respect to the Service or Service Reports) to any third party without Star drone LLC\rquote s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Star drone LLC may assign the Agreement in whole or in part as part of a corporate reorganization or a sale of business, and Star drone LLC may transfer Your Confidential Information as part of any such transaction. Star drone LLC may use third party service providers to perform all or any part of the Service.\par
\par
11.3 Notices\par
All notices, consents and approvals under this Agreement must be delivered in writing by courier, by electronic facsimile (fax), by certified or registered mail, (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), or by email (read receipt confirmed and documented or with email response from recipient that indicates acknowledgement of receipt) to the other party at the address(es) set forth beneath such party\rquote s signature or as indicated in Your Defining Reference Agreement or other corresponding address as determined by Star drone LLC, and will be effective upon receipt or, in the case of mail, three (3) business days after being deposited in the mail as required above, whichever occurs sooner. Either party may change its address by giving notice of the new address to the other party.\par
\par
11.4 Governing Law and Venue\par
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding arising out of a breach by You of Section 9.2 may be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of Texas, USA or in state court in Harris County, Texas, USA and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of those courts.\par
\par
11.5 Dispute Resolution\par
Subject to Section 11.4, any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration before American Arbitration Associate (the \ldblquote AAA\rdblquote ) pursuant to its Commercial Arbitration Rules (the \ldblquote Rules\rdblquote ). The arbitration shall be before one (1) arbitrator appointed by the AAA pursuant to the Rules. The parties agree that arbitration must be initiated within three (3) months after the claimed breach occurred and that the failure to initiate the arbitration within the three-month period constitutes an absolute bar to the institution of any new proceedings. The aggrieved party may initiate arbitration by sending written notice of an intention to arbitrate by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to all parties and to AAA. The notice must contain a description of the dispute, the amount involved, and the remedy sought. If and when a demand for arbitration is made by either party, the parties agree to execute a submission agreement, in a form provided by AAA, setting forth the rights of the parties if the case is arbitrated and the rules and procedures to be followed at the arbitration hearing. Any arbitration instituted under this subsection shall take place in Harris County, Texas, USA.\par
\par
11.6 Indemnity\par
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Star drone LLC, its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, contractors, and licensors (the \ldblquote Star drone LLC Indemnitees\rdblquote ) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys\rquote  fees, made by a third party, relating to or arising from: (a) any data You store, submit, post, transmit, or otherwise make available that may be affected by the Service; (b) Your use of the Service; (c) any violation by You of this Agreement; (d) any action taken by Star drone LLC as part of its investigation of a suspected violation of this Agreement or as a result of its finding or decision that a violation of this Agreement has occurred; (e) Your violation of any rights of another; (f) Your actual or alleged gross negligence, willful misconduct, violation of law, failure to meet the security obligations required by the Agreement, violation of the Star drone LLC Acceptable Usage Policy, or violation of Section 11.11 (Export Control) of this Agreement; or (g) any usage of Your account for accessing the Service Reports or Your account for administration of Your Target Devices, whether or not such usage is expressly authorized by You.\par
\par
This means that You will pay the cost of defending the claim (including reasonable attorney fees) and any damages, awards, fines, or other amount that are imposed on the Star drone LLC Indemnitees as a result of the claim. This also means that You cannot sue the Star drone LLC Indemnitees as a result of Star drone LLC\rquote s decision to remove or refuse to process any information or data, to warn You, to suspend or terminate Your access to the Service, or to take any other action during the investigation of a suspected violation or as a result of Star drone LLC\rquote s conclusion that a violation of this Agreement has occurred. This waiver and indemnity provision applies to all violations described in or contemplated by this Agreement.\par
\par
You acknowledge that You are responsible for all use of the Service involving Your account for accessing the Service Reports or Your account for administration of Your Target Devices, that this Agreement applies to any and all usage of Your aforementioned account(s), and that Your obligations under this subsection include claims arising out of the acts or omissions of Your employees, any other person to whom You have given access to the Service Reports or your Target Devices, and any person who gains access to the Service Reports as a result of Your failure to use reasonable security precautions, even if the acts or omissions of such persons were not authorized by You. If You resell the Service or Service Reports, the grounds for indemnification stated above also include any claim brought by Your customers or end users arising out of Your resale of the Service or Service Reports.\par
\par
We will choose legal counsel to defend the claim, provided that these decisions must be reasonable and must be promptly communicated to You. You must comply with our reasonable requests for assistance and cooperation in the defense of the claim. We may not settle the claim without Your consent, although such consent may not be unreasonably withheld. You must pay expenses due under this subsection as we incur them.\par
\par
11.7 Remedies\par
The parties\rquote  rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative. You acknowledge that the Service and Service Reports contain valuable trade secrets and proprietary information of Star drone LLC, that any actual or threatened breach of Section 9.2 will constitute immediate, irreparable harm to Star drone LLC for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, and that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy for such breach and Star drone LLC is entitled to such relief without the need to post a bond.\par
\par
11.8 Waivers\par
All waivers must be in writing. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver or any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.\par
\par
11.9 Severability\par
If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, You agree that Section 10 will remain in effect notwithstanding the unenforceability of any provision in Section 8.\par
\par
11.10 Force Majeure\par
Star drone LLC will not be responsible for any delays or failures caused by events, occurrences, or causes beyond the control of Star drone LLC, as determined by Star drone LLC, including without limitation, acts of God, natural disasters, fires, explosions, terrorist attacks, acts of utility providers, or any other possible hindrance which impairs Star drone LLC\rquote s provision of the Service or Service Reports. Additionally, Star drone LLC will not incur any liability on the account of any loss or damage resulting from any delay or failure to perform all or any part of the Agreement if such delay or failure is caused by such aforementioned events, occurrences, or causes, or as otherwise determined by Star drone LLC. You acknowledge that Your inability to meet financial obligations from any claim of force majeure will be not be accepted, and all fees payable to Star drone LLC will remain outstanding until paid by You to Star drone LLC in full.\par
\par
11.11 Export Control\par
Use of the Service and Service Reports, including transferring, posting, or uploading data, software or other content, may be subject to the export and import laws of the United States and other countries. You agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations. In particular, but without limitation, the Service Reports may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to any entity on the U.S. Treasury Department\rquote s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person\rquote s List or Entity List. By using the Service and Service Reports, You represent and warrant that You are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that You will not use the Service or Service Reports for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. You further agree not to use the Service or Service Reports to facilitate the process of uploading or storing any data or software that cannot be exported without prior written government authorization, including, but not limited to, certain types of encryption software.\par
\par
11.12 No High Risk Use\par
You may not use the Service in any situation where failure or fault of the Service could lead to death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to physical or environmental damage. For example, you may not use, or permit any other person to use, the Service in connection with aircraft or other modes of human mass transportation, nuclear or chemical facilities, or Class III medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.\par
\par
11.13 Electronic Contracting\par
Your use of the Service includes the ability to enter into agreements and/or to make transactions electronically. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS CONSTITUTE YOUR AGREEMENT AND INTENT TO BE BOUND BY AND TO PAY FOR SUCH AGREEMENTS AND TRANSACTIONS. YOUR AGREEMENT AND INTENT TO BE BOUND BY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS APPLIES TO ALL RECORDS RELATING TO ALL TRANSACTIONS YOU ENTER INTO ON THIS SERVICE, INCLUDING NOTICES OF CANCELLATION, POLICIES, CONTRACTS, AND APPLICATIONS. In order to access and retain Your electronic records, You may be required to have certain hardware and software, which are Your sole responsibility.\par
\par
11.14 Headings\par
The section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement, and no construction or inference shall be derived therefrom.\par
\par
11.15 Amendments\par
This Agreement may be amended by Star drone LLC, and such amendments shall be immediately in effect upon Star drone LLC\rquote s publication of the new Agreement on its website at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://stardronellc.com/terms/penetrationtesting }}{\fldrslt{http://stardronellc.com/terms/penetrationtesting\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  (\ldblquote the Online Agreement\rdblquote ). Any version of the Online Agreement shall assume that the terms \ldblquote You\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Your\rdblquote  as contained herein shall carry the same definitions as \ldblquote Subscriber\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Subscriber\rquote s\rdblquote , respectively, as defined in Your Defining Reference Agreement or as determined by Star drone LLC. Additionally, the Online Agreement may not enlist specifics as outlined in Your Defining Reference Agreement; however, the Online Agreement shall carry the same effect as having Your Defining Reference Agreement incorporated. It is Your responsibility to regularly review the Online Agreement, and Your continued use of or payment for the Service described herein indicates that You agree to all amendments and are fully bound to the Agreement, including any and all amendments therein.\par
\par
11.16 Entire Agreement\par
This Agreement, and any exhibits attached to Your Defining Reference Agreement constitutes the final, complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties regarding the subject hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and communication, whether written or oral. The terms on any purchase order or similar document submitted by You to Star drone LLC will have no effect.\f0\par
}
 